Hopefully you're able to make an attempt this challenge.
So now let's take a look at the situation.
So we want to find out the film which was shown in the Chaplin room most often in October 2017.
So obviously we have two tables which spring to mind here.
We have the films table and we have the rooms table so let's select store from films first
and run that and you can see it returns three columns ID name and length men so ideally we run the film's
name from this table.
And now let's select store from Reims.
And here we have free columns as well we have ID the room name and then the number of seats.
So ideally we want this chaplain Name column here.
So we want to be selecting chaplain from the range table.
But notice there's no foreign key and primary key between films and rooms table.
So we can actually do a join between these two tables to get the columns we want what we need to do
is we're actually going to need to also select from the screenings table.
So if we look in the screenings table you can see we have a film ID and a room ID.
So these are foreign keys which are referencing primary keys in the films table and the rooms table.
So basically what we can do is we can use these two foreign keys and do a join between these free tables
so we can join films table and screenings table by using this film ID column and the ID column in the
films table and then we can do a join between the screenings table and the rooms table.
Using this room Id foreign key column which is referencing the ID column in the rooms table.
So we need to do a join between the free tables.
So lets type select and we want to select the film name so the films table.
So thats just like if dont name.
And we will say also want the name of the room.
So we want to say oh don't name.
So this is the name and this is the film name and we want to select from films
and then we went from films F and then we want to do a join with the screenings table.
So let's join in screenings pass on after IDEI is a cool 2 x film ID and then we want to do a join with
the Bream's table.
So let's join Remes all on all ID is cool too.
As though room Id say you can see we've done a join between the films and the screenings table on EFTA
ID is equal to estop film ID and then we done a join with the Remes table on Remes to ID is equal to
screenings that rings ID room Id So if we run this query now
you can see we get the film names and the names so we got Bladerunner 2049 Payne and Chaplin and Dunkirk
and Chaplin Joe Stillman Chaplin et cetera et cetera.
But if we go down far enough we should also see the other rooms where we got the Kubrick room and then
we've also got the other room which is a capella.
So we were only interested in Chaplin.
So we can do a WHERE clause we can say where our door name is equal to Chaplin or we can say where our
idea ideas equal to one
because if we select star from Marines or
we can see that Chaplin has an idea of one side or the idea to one.
And now if we Slax run this query only returns the film screenings for Chaplin.
So if we go all the way to the end you can see we know we no longer have Kubrick or capella
So now we have our selects and wear clothes in place.
We now need to find out which film out of all these films was shown most often in Chaplin.
So to do that let's do a count on our top name and say as number of screenings.
So we're going to rename the color number of screenings and then we also need to group by f dot name.
And if we run this you can now see there's one Ryrie returned for each film name so you can see Blade
Runner.
2049 had nine screenings in Joplin Dunkirk at 12 years film at 13 excentric cetera.
So just to finish off this solution we can order our data so we can order a by number of screenings.
Remember a number of screenings is all a column alias name for this counts on the room.
Rooms don't name column.
So if we order by this and run the query you can see it actually returns it from lowest the highest.
What we want is highest.
So don't forget to put a desk for descending.
So now I can see the films in order of number of screenings from highs to lowest.
So we know Geo storm was the film that was shown most often in Joplin.
And just to complete this query we can limit the number of results returned to one.
And now if we run this query you can see just Geo storm returned and it had 13 screenings in the Chaplin
room.
So the answer is Geo storm.
So if you got the answer Geo storm then that's fantastic.
If you found a different solution please post it in the Q and A section.
If you weren't able to get the answer.
Don't worry as long as you are able to understand.
As I went through the solution and that's great as well.
And if you have any more questions on this solution or this challenge then please ask in the queue.
A.S..